upgrade versions: - nn 97.0.0; - maps 10.5.0-rc.1; (#5738)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android: CHANGELOG.md

#### Features

#### Bug fixes and improvements
- :warning: Deprecated `NavigationRoute` creation and mapping functions in favor of equivalents that take `RouterOrigin` as a parameter. If not provided, `RouterOrigin.Custom()` is used. [#5738](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5738)
  - method `NavigationRoute#create(DirectionsResponse, RouteOptions)` by `NavigationRoute#create(DirectionsResponse, RouteOptions, RouterOrigin)`;
  - method `NavigationRoute#create(String, String)` by `NavigationRoute#create(String, String, RouterOrigin)`;
  - extension `List<DirectionsRoute>#toNavigationRoutes()` by `List<DirectionsRoute>#toNavigationRoutes(RouterOrigin)`;
  - extension `DirectionsRoute#toNavigationRoute()` by `DirectionsRoute#toNavigationRoute(RouterOrigin)`.

> - Fixed runtime exception on [replacing the default logger module](https://docs.mapbox.com/android/navigation/guides/get-started/modularization/#logger) during library loading. [#5738](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5738)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where [replacing the default logger module](https://docs.mapbox.com/android/navigation/guides/get-started/modularization/#logger) was throwing a runtime exception during library loading. [#5738](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5738)
```
